Welcome to my complete guide on angler it's so great to have you on board in this course.
You're going to learn what angler is and how you can use it to build awesome front end web applications
with it.
Very reactive web applications with great user experiences for that throughout this course.
You're going to learn all the individual building blocks which make up angular before we then also dive
into these more advanced features.
And we're going to build a project throughout the course putting all these things you'll learn in theory
kind of in which you practice throughout the course into the perspective of a real project so that you
can see how you would apply them there.
And that as you can see how you build up a real web applications with the things you learn here.
So with that I'd say let's dive into it and let's dive into the most important question first.
What is angular.